chore: update CHANGELOG for v0.20.0 (#73)
Kong/go-kong: CHANGELOG.md

- [0.2.0](#020---20181219)
- [0.1.0](#010---20181201)

## [v0.20.0] - 2021/07/07

### Added

- FriendlyName is now defined for entities based on deck types.
  [#68](https://github.com/Kong/go-kong/pull/68)

> - Information Service is now present in the top of the Root endpoint for Kong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Info service for interacting with information exposed by the admin API root endpoint.
```

  [#65](https://github.com/Kong/go-kong/pull/65)

> - Client now properly handles Kong workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implemented client-level support for Kong workspaces.
```
